op-guide: add document about `compatible-kill-query` in config (#684)
pingcap/docs: op-guide/tidb-config-file.md

- For details, you can see the [MySQL description](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/server-system-variables.html#sysvar_lower_case_table_names) of this variable
- Currently, TiDB only supports setting the value of this option to 2. This means it is case-sensitive when you save a table name, but case-insensitive when you compare table names. The comparison is based on the lower case.

### `compatible-kill-query`

> + Set "kill" statement to be MySQL compatible

Reviewer: To keep it consistent with other similar items, please update as follows:

-> **To set the `kill`** statement to be MySQL compatible

+ Default: false

> + In TiDB, the behavior of "kill xxx" is not compatible with MySQL. Only when you are executing "kill tidb xxx" will a query be killed. If `compatible-kill-query` is set to true, the "kill xxx" will be compatible with MySQL, so no additional "tidb" is need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ In TiDB, the behavior of "kill xxx" is not compatible with MySQL. A query is killed only when you are executing "kill tidb xxx". If `compatible-kill-query` is set to true, the "kill xxx" is compatible with MySQL, so no additional "tidb" is needed.
```
